---
tags:
  - projects
  - active
  - tagforge
---
- [ ] Nuclear option doesn't reset folder rules, need to change that
- [ ] Need a way to reset rules that were set previously on folders. Add this to the menu option we're doing that shows you the rules for each folder. Also add a "Change rule" option maybe.
- [ ] I just had a folder with 1 file in it and I didn't want it to have the direct parents name as a tag so I removed the parent tag it did get when I assigned tags, then tried the bulk add by folder option, removed the level tag for its parent folder, then added a special tag that I want all files in this folder to have. I created a new folder and it seems to be following the first set of rules I made when I added the tags originally. The new tag did not get the special tag I made, but it did get the parent tag that I don't want it to have. I believe this is by design but we need to change that design a bit. In the bulk add screen, we should a) make it clear the user is adding a rule to the folder, not just doing a one time add. b)should include a checkmark that determines whether the rule is applied for new files going forward or if it's just for this one batch and c)Allow special tags to be included in rule sets. The rules set on the folder should be whatever the user puts in for all the files. For instance, if there's a special tag that is applied to all files in the directory/subdirectories, that would stay as part of the folder rule going forward. If they instead selected to only give that tag to certain files, or to certain sub-folders, it would automatically be a one-time addition. All of these things need to be spelled out on the bulk add by folder preview screen.
- [ ] I just ran a test of something: moving files into a folder that had a previous liberal tag policy, then had a remove by folder operation run on the top folder of said folder, then I applied a new set of tags that was only the 1st and 3rd level of folders successfully. When I moved a file into that 3rd level, they inherited all 3 levels. So the "new rule" I had enforced on the folder didn't actually stick, it was still doing the basic "grab the tag from EVERY parents folder up to the top". Is this an easy change or do we have to refactor how we apply basic rules? I was thinking we'd have much more advanced rules, but I'm not seeing this type of stuff in the phase 7 that got deferred really.
- [ ] On the bulk tag modal, there's a part that says "File (139 total, 139 selected, 29 changes)". There's currently no way to see what those with changes are other than opening every "branch" of the file tree to see what the individual files say will be adding to them. For large directories like this (let's be real, 139 files in about 13 folders is childs play really) that's going to be a pain in the ass. I would want to know which ones are changing so I can focus on those for a moment and make sure that's accurate. How should we implement this?
- [ ] Need a toggle on the bulk preview screen that allows you to select whether you want only the current folder affected or if you want to apply a rule to the folder and its subfolders
- [ ] When adding a special tag in bulk folder modal, I added a special tag with "Apply to all files" checked, but it excluded all the files that weren't selected. The other option is "Only selected files" which implies that first option should ignore the selections and apply the special tag to everything.
- [ ] Adding a template to movie folders created inline tags at the bottom of the file with the appropriate tags for the file location, but they obviously shouldn't be inline and in the note. They did also get applied as actual tags so there may be some sort of duplication going on here
- [ ] Doesn't seem to be firing on new file creation within folders that have rules. At least not when you apply a template after creating the file, that's probably the issue
- [ ] Need a setting that respects current tags when applying to folders and such so you don't lose pre-existing tags that you want to keep